Author: Dong Hyeog Jang (582238)
Date  : 11 March 2024

Question 1. 
There are 3 different department type in the Emergency Department, Foyer, Triage and Treatment. 
Patients are admitted and discharged via Foyer. Triage and Treatment is place where patients are 
examined and treated, depending on the severity of the patients. Triage and Treatment can have at 
most one patient at any time.

Once a patients are admitted to Foyer, they will be allocated to a nurse who will care them during 
their stay in the ED. Nurses will acquire orderlies between transfer of the patient from one 
department to another. Orderlies are only accompanying the nurse and the patient during the 
transfer; they will be released once the patient arrive at the destination. 

One thing to point out is that nurses can start transferring the patient to next department even if
the destined department is occupied by another patient. In such case, they will be waiting for the
department to be emptied. For example, if patient 1 is in triage and a nurse started transferring 
patient 2 from foyer to triage, the nurse and patient 2 will wait until patient 1 leave the triage. 

For Treatment, there are two scenarios that can happen. One is that the specialist is not at the
Treatment, hence the patient has to wait until the specialist enters the Treatment before he gets
the treated. Another is that specialist enters the Treatment, but there is no patients available.
In this case, the specialist has to wait until a patient to be transferred to the Treatment.

Question 2.
The system suffer from Deadlock. The starvation may occur in following scenario:
    - There are 3 nurses, 8 orderlies and 3 orderlies are required to transfer patient.
    - Nurse 1 take patient 1 to Triage and patient 1 undergo examination.
    - While patient 1 is under examination, nurse 2 and nurse 3 acquire orderlies and transfer their
    patient to Triage, but since Triage is under use by patient 1 they will wait.
    - Examination on patient 1 is finished and nurse 1 tried to acquire orderlies. However, there
    is not enough orderlies hire so nurse 1 wait until there are enough orderlies to hire.

In the above scenario nurse 1 will never get orderlies because nurse 2 and nurse 3 is waiting for
the Triage to be emptied which can never happen unless nurse 1 take patient 1 to next department. 

Question 3.
The source of deadlock problem above is unbalance between number of orderlies and the nurses.
The system require at least `number or nurses` * `number of transfer orderlies` orderlies to be free
from such starvation problem.

Question 4.
The key design problems I confronted was with the extent of responsibility that a Thread Model
should take and the concurrency control. For example, which method should have synchronized keyword,
which variable should have volatile keyword and when and where a thread shoud wait and be notify of
certain condition.

Question 5.
I gain more insights on scope of wait() and notify() or notifyAll() methods from Thread. The
startTreament method from Treatment class makes a thread to wait until `treated` flag from the
patient to be true. Once the specialist change this `treated` flag to true and call notifyAll(),
this will not make the thread waiting on the flag to run due to scope problem. The specialist need
to call treatment.notifyAll() to achieve intented behaviour.